NAME	POS	EST. RETURN DATE	STATUS	COMMENT
Clint Capela	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 17: Capela (hand) won't play in Friday's Play-In Game versus the Heat, Brad Rowland of the Locked On Podcast Network reports.
Larry Nance Jr.	PF	Oct 1	Out	Mar 26: The Hawks announced Wednesday that Nance (knee) will miss the rest of the season while recovering from a right medial femoral condyle fracture.
Jalen Johnson	SF	Oct 1	Out	Jan 29: Johnson has suffered a torn labrum in his left shoulder and will miss the rest of the 2024-25 season, NBA reporter Chris Haynes announced Wednesday.
Kobe Bufkin	G	Oct 1	Out	Dec 18: Bufkin will miss the remainder of the 2024-25 season as he undergoes surgery to address his right shoulder instability, Michael Scotto of USA Today reports.
Jrue Holiday	PG	May 5	Out	Apr 28: Holiday (hamstring) has been ruled out for Tuesday's game against the Magic, Justin Turpin of WEEI.com reports.
Ziaire Williams	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Williams (knee) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against New York, Sharif Phillips-Keaton of USA Today reports.
Reece Beekman	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Beekman (calf) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Knicks, Sharif Phillips-Keaton of USA Today reports.
Cameron Johnson	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Johnson (back) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Knicks, Brian Lewis of the New York Post reports.
D'Angelo Russell	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Russell (ankle) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against New York, Brian Lewis of the New York Post reports.
Day'Ron Sharpe	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Sharpe (knee) has been ruled out for Sunday's regular-season finale against the Knicks, Brian Lewis of the New York Post reports.
Noah Clowney	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 2: Nets coach Jordi Fernandez said Wednesday that Clowney (ankle) will miss the remainder of the 2024-25 regular season, C.J. Holmes of the New York Daily News reports.
Cam Thomas	SG	Oct 1	Out	Mar 15: The Nets announced Saturday that Thomas has been diagnosed with a left hamstring and is expected to miss the remainder of 2024-25 campaign.
Tre Jones	PG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 18: Bulls head coach Billy Donovan said prior to Wednesday's 109-90 loss to the Heat in the Eastern Conference Play-In Tournament that Jones (foot) is no longer using a walking boot, Jared Weiss of The Athletic reports.
Lonzo Ball	PG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 18: Ball said Thursday that he won't require surgery on his sprained right wrist and expects to have a normal offseason, K.C. Johnson of Chicago Sports Network reports.
Ayo Dosunmu	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 17: Dosunmu (shoulder) said Thursday that he is no longer wearing a brace and expects to resume 5-on-5 practice in August, K.C. Johnson of Chicago Sports Networkreports.
Darius Garland	PG	May 4	Day-To-Day	Apr 29: Garland (toe) is out for Monday's Game 4 against the Heat, Tom Withers of the Associated Press reports.
Kyrie Irving	PG	Jan 1	Out	Apr 16: The Mavericks are optimistic that Irving (knee) could return by the start of January, Shams Charania of ESPN reports.
Olivier-Maxence Prosper	F	Oct 1	Out	Mar 13: Prosper has been ruled out for the remainder of the 2024-25 season after undergoing surgery to repair a right wrist injury.
DaRon Holmes II	C	Jul 2	Out	Feb 23: Nuggets head coach Michael Malone said that Holmes (Achilles) was able to participate in portions of Wednesday's practice, Brendan Vogt of TheDNVR.com reports.
Isaiah Stewart	C	May 3	Out	May 1: Stewart (knee) is out for Thursday's Game 6 against the Knicks.
Jaden Ivey	PG	May 10	Out	Apr 26: The Pistons announced Saturday Ivey (lower leg) has progressed in his recovery to basketball shooting and skill drills, and his status will be updated in another two weeks.
Jock Landale	C	May 4	Out	May 1: Landale (knee) has been ruled out for Friday's Game 6 against the Warriors.
Jae'Sean Tate	SF	May 4	Out	Apr 26: Tate (ankle) isn't close to returning to action and doesn't have a timetable to step back into the hardwood, Danielle Lerner of the Houston Chronicle reports.
Isaiah Jackson	SF	Oct 1	Out	Nov 2: Jackson suffered a torn Achilles during Friday's game against the Pelicans, Shams Charania of ESPN reports.
Seth Lundy	G	Jul 2	Out	Apr 3: Lundy (ankle) isn't listed on the injury report for Friday's game against Dallas.
Ja Morant	PG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 27: Morant (hip) finished the 2024-25 campaign with averages of 23.2 points, 7.3 assists, 4.1 rebounds and 1.2 steals across 30.4 minutes per game in 50 regular-season appearances.
Zyon Pullin	G	Jul 2	Out	Apr 12: Pullin (knee) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against Dallas.
Jaylen Wells	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 11: Wells (wrist, concussion) has been ruled out for the remainder of the season, Will Guillory of The Athletic reports.
Brandon Clarke	PF	Oct 1	Out	Mar 31: Clarke received an orthobiologic injection in his right knee Monday, but he will not require surgery and is expected to make a full recovery prior to the 2025-26 regular season.
Terry Rozier	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 27: Rozier (ankle) has been ruled out for Monday's Game 4 against Cleveland.
Isaiah Stevens	G	Jul 2	Out	Apr 17: Stevens is ineligible for the NBA Playoffs, as he's on a two-way contract.
Dru Smith	G	Oct 1	Out	Dec 27: The Heat announced Friday that Smith underwent successful surgery to repair a ruptured left Achilles tendon and will miss the remainder of the season.
Tyler Smith	F	Jul 2	Out	Apr 29: Smith (ankle) has been ruled out for Tuesday's Game 5 against the Pacers.
Damian Lillard	PG	Mar 1	Out	Apr 28: Lillard has been diagnosed with a left torn Achilles tendon, NBA reporter Chris Haynes reports.
Rob Dillingham	G	May 5	Out	Apr 29: Dillingham (ankle) has been ruled out for Wednesday's Game 5 against the Lakers.
Brandon Boston	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 28: The Pelicans announced Monday that Boston recently underwent successful arthroscopic surgery on his left ankle.
Kelly Olynyk	PF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 28: The Pelicans announced Monday that Olynyk recently underwent a minimally invasive surgery on his left heel and ultrasound guided tendon debridement.
Bruce Brown	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Brown (knee) is out for Sunday's game against the Thunder.
Karlo Matkovic	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Matkovic (hamstring) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Thunder.
Jordan Hawkins	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Hawkins (back) is out for Sunday's game against the Thunder.
Yves Missi	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Missi (ankle) is out for Sunday's game against the Thunder.
CJ McCollum	SG	Oct 1	Out	Mar 31: The Pelicans announced Monday that McCollum (foot) will miss the remainder of the 2024-25 season.
Zion Williamson	PF	Oct 1	Out	Mar 31: The Pelicans announced Monday that Williamson (back) won't play for the rest of the 2024-25 season.
Trey Murphy III	SG	Oct 1	Out	Mar 18: Murphy sustained a season-ending torn labrum in his right shoulder during Monday's 127-81 loss to the Pistons, Shams Charania of ESPN reports.
Herbert Jones	SF	Oct 1	Out	Feb 26: The Pelicans announced that Jones underwent successful surgery Feb. 12 to repair a torn rotator cuff in his right shoulder.
Dejounte Murray	SG	Oct 1	Out	Jan 31: Shams Charania of ESPNMurray suffered a torn right Achilles tendon during Friday's game against the Celtics and will now miss the rest of the season, Shams Charania of ESPN.com reports.
Ousmane Dieng	F	May 5	Out	Apr 25: Dieng (calf) has been ruled out for Saturday's Game 4 against the Grizzlies.
Nikola Topic	G	Jul 2	Out	Jan 12: Topic (knee) was spotted taking part in light shooting drills on the court prior to the Thunder's 105-92 loss to the Celtics last Sunday, Clemente Almanza of USA Today reports.
Jalen Suggs	SG	Oct 1	Out	Mar 4: The Magic announced Tuesday that Suggs (knee) has been ruled out for the remainder of the 2024-25 campaign after undergoing successful surgery.
Moritz Wagner	C	Oct 1	Out	Jan 9: The Magic announced that Wagner underwent successful surgery to repair a torn ACL in his left knee Wednesday and will miss the remainder of the 2024-25 season.
Guerschon Yabusele	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Yabusele (knee) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Bulls, Adam Aaronson of PhillyVoice.com reports.
Justin Edwards	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Edwards (ribs) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Bulls, Adam Aaronson of PhillyVoice.comreports.
Kyle Lowry	PG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Lowry (hip) is out for Sunday's game against the Bulls.
Andre Drummond	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Drummond (toe) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against Chicago.
Joel Embiid	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 11: The 76ers announced Friday that Embiid underwent successful arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Wednesday, and he will be re-evaluated in approximately six weeks, Ky Carlin of USA Today reports.
Kelly Oubre Jr.	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 10: Oubre (knee) has been ruled out for Friday's game against the Wizards.
Tyrese Maxey	PG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 3: Maxey (finger) is expected to miss the rest of the season, Shams Charania of ESPN reported Thursday.
Paul George	F	Oct 1	Out	Mar 17: George received injections in his left adductor muscle and left knee Monday and has been ruled out for the remainder of the season, Shams Charania of ESPN reports.
Eric Gordon	SG	Oct 1	Out	Feb 27: The 76ers announced Thursday that Gordon (wrist) will be re-evaluated in three months after undergoing successful surgery Wednesday, Keith Pompey of The Philadelphia Inquirer reports.
Jared McCain	G	Oct 1	Out	Jan 9: McCain was reviewed Thursday by the surgeon who performed surgery on his left knee and is progressing well. The 76ers officially ruled out for the rest of the season, Kyle Neubeck of AllPHLY.com reports.
Nick Richards	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Richards (elbow) is out for Sunday's game against the Kings.
Devin Booker	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Booker is out for Sunday's game against the Kings due to right calf soreness.
Kevin Durant	PF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 11: Head coach Mike Budenholzer said Friday that Durant, who has already been ruled out against the Spurs due to a left ankle sprain, will not play in the Suns' regular-season finale against the Kings on Sunday, Duane Rankin of The Arizona Republic reports.
Shaedon Sharpe	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Sharpe (knee) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Lakers.
Deni Avdija	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Avdija (thumb) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Lakers.
Scoot Henderson	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Henderson (concussion) is out for Sunday's game against the Lakers.
Anfernee Simons	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Simons (forearm) is out for Sunday's game against the Lakers.
Deandre Ayton	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Ayton (calf) is out for Sunday's game against the Lakers.
Jerami Grant	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Grant (knee) is out for Sunday's game against the Lakers.
Bryce McGowens	G	Oct 1	Out	Mar 26: McGowens will miss the rest of the regular season after suffering a right rib fracture during Monday's G League game with the Rip City Remix, Sean Highkin of Rip City Radio 620 Portland reports.
Robert Williams III	C	Oct 1	Out	Mar 20: Williams underwent an arthroscopic procedure Thursday to address inflammation in his left knee and will miss 4-6 weeks.
Jake LaRavia	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 15: LaRavia (thumb) won't play in Wednesday's Play-In Game against the Mavericks.
Malik Monk	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 9: Monk Shams Charania of ESPN for a strained left calf injury in two weeks, Shams Charania reports.
Devin Vassell	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Vassell (ankle) is out for Sunday's game against the Raptors.
Jeremy Sochan	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Sochan (back) is out for Sunday's game against the Raptors.
Victor Wembanyama	C	Oct 1	Out	Mar 27: Head coach of the French National team, Frederic Fauthoux, said Thursday that Wembanyama underwent surgery on the deep vein thrombosis in his right shoulder and is feeling fine, Jeff Garcia of KENS 5 San Antonio reports.
De'Aaron Fox	PG	Oct 1	Out	Mar 13: Fox will undergo season-ending surgery to repair tendon damage in his left pinkie finger Tuesday, Shams Charania of ESPN reports.
Riley Minix	F	Jul 1	Out	Jan 15: Minix will miss the remainder of the season with a torn labrum in his left shoulder, Michael C. Wright of ESPN.com reports.
Garrett Temple	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 23: Temple has been ruled out for the rest of Sunday's game against the Spurs due to a left knee sprain, Blake Murphy of Sportsnet.ca reports.
Jared Rhoden	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 22: Rhoden underwent surgery this week to repair a torn labrum in his right shoulder and will face a 4-to-6-month recovery, Josh Lewenberg of TSN.ca reports.
Ulrich Chomche	C	Jul 1	Out	Apr 15: Head coach Darko Rajakovic anticipates watching Chomche (knee) play in the Las Vegas Summer League in July, Esfandiar Baraheni of The Athletic reports.
Chris Boucher	PF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Boucher (illness) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Spurs, Blake Murphy of Sportsnet.ca reports.
Ja'Kobe Walter	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Walter (hip) is out for Sunday's game against the Spurs, Blake Murphy of Sportsnet.ca reports.
Jakob Poeltl	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Poeltl (hand) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against San Antonio, Blake Murphy of Sportsnet.ca reports.
Brandon Ingram	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 9: The Raptors officially shut down Ingram for the rest of the season Wednesday after he got a PRP injection in his left ankle, Michael Grange of Sportsnet.ca reports.
Gradey Dick	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 4: Dick (knee) is out for the remainder of the 2024-25 regular season, Ryan Wolstat of the Toronto Sun reports.
Elijah Harkless	G	Jul 1	Out	Apr 12: Harkless (groin) is out for Sunday's game against the Timberwolves.
KJ Martin	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Martin (illness) is out for Sunday's game against the Timberwolves.
John Collins	PF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Collins (ankle) is out for Sunday's game against the Timberwolves.
Lauri Markkanen	PF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Markkanen (knee) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Timberwolves.
Isaiah Collier	G	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Collier (hamstring) is out for Sunday's game against the Timberwolves.
Walker Kessler	C	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Kessler (concussion) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Timberwolves.
Cody Williams	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 2: The Jazz announced Wednesday that Williams tested positive for mononucleosis, ruling him out for the remainder of the season, Ben Anderson of KSL News Salt Lake City reports.
Jordan Clarkson	PG	Oct 1	Out	Mar 27: Clarkson will miss the rest of the season for the Jazz after having a procedure to address the plantar fasciitis in his left foot, Mark Medina of TheSportingTribune.comreports.
Taylor Hendricks	F	Oct 1	Out	Nov 6: Hendricks underwent surgery on his broken right leg and dislocated ankle Wednesday, Andy Larsen of The Salt Lake Tribune reports.
JT Thor	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 13: Thor (knee) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Heat.
Saddiq Bey	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Bey (knee) won't play in Sunday's game versus the Heat.
Malcolm Brogdon	PG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Brogdon (ankle) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Heat.
Richaun Holmes	F	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Holmes (shoulder) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against Miami.
Jordan Poole	SG	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Poole (elbow) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Heat.
Anthony Gill	PF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 12: Gill (hamstring) has been ruled out for Sunday's game against Miami.
Khris Middleton	SF	Oct 1	Out	Apr 11: Head coach Brian Keefe said Friday that Middleton (knee) is unlikely to return this season, Varun Shankar of The Washington Post reports.
Corey Kispert	SF	Oct 1	Out	Mar 18: Kispert underwent successful surgery on his left thumb Tuesday and is expected to make a full recovery and be ready for the start of next season.
Bilal Coulibaly	SG	Oct 1	Out	Mar 13: The Wizards announced Thursday that Coulibaly will be out approximately 4-6 weeks with a right hamstring injury, Michael Scotto of USA Today reports.
